we are live streaming from the most lit
hotel room in Beijing but which I mean
it's really brightly lit because you're
trying to get decent image quality you
turn on every light in the room and it's
still not well-lit enough I still think
you really see my face clearly but
whatever slightly blurry video very
brightly lit hotel room in Beijing China
we're live-streaming
he's so look I got some photos and some
funny comments from friends of mine and
frenemies of mine and complete strangers
of mine in Chiang Mai Thailand who just
showed up and attended my lawsuit my day
in court in in Chiang Mai Thailand so
these are criminal charges in Thailand
that are against charming young fellow
you may have heard of called called
earring writer so wanted to mention off
the bat you know the first cat to really
do that was actually angry vegan so
there was this time not too long ago
when a lot of people were saying even
though it was ridiculous and there was
no reason to doubt that it was a full
court case
all these people were claiming for no
good reason that my court case was fake
and that it wasn't really happening they
even the claiming that I had hired
actors to pretend to be lawyers and
claiming I mean every legal document I
ever put including like showing my own
ID showing my own passport people would
claim was fake and then the other side
during Ryder would make these insane
claims with no evidence and nobody would
ask for screenshots nobody would ask for
documents didn't even show document even
have to fake documents and people would
take that seriously I was saying stuff
that was really true and had documents
to and evidence to back it up so that
was ridiculous that went on for a long
long time but there is this cat cold
angry vegan and angry vegan is a really
small Channel yeah no offense is that's
the reality I want to talk about that
too I want to talk about the philosophy
of having a small Channel remember I've
mentioned that to you and what you know
what can you really aspire to what's
reasonable and meaningful and motivates
you in your own life if you have a small
Channel and you're looking at the future
of it always being a small job because
most of us that's what it is you know
how many people are gonna be ten on mojo
there's no reason to plan your social
calendar as if you're gonna be the next
10 at Marshall maybe even Tana mojo is
not gonna be the next animal show it's
not gonna last right but anyway he's a
small youtuber and he is one of the last
diehard supporters of durianrider
and he was kind of holding out and in
senior
that this core case was was fake or not
real or there's something misleading
there was some kind of scam attached to
it and I said to him I said to several
other people in Chiangmai
the same time - I said look if you want
to go to the courthouse you can go it's
public it's open to the public you know
it's like going to City Hall like paying
your taxes any anybody can go and I
think I forgot I was talking directly to
angry week in a row starting to a friend
of his who went with him because a
couple people went together and I but I
said - angry vegan and others I said
look you know if you go to the actual
courthouse the legal documents are like
hanging on the wall they've actually got
these like they're basically like
three-ring binders but it's on a wooden
wall and I remember warning them saying
look you know you gotta wear a suit you
got a dress up you know you can't just
wear a t-shirt he can't show up wearing
your skin tight bike shorts
you know fluorescent bike helmet or
something they're not gonna do cuz tie
society is you know a formal repressive
kind of culturally it's like that you
know you put on a nice shirt you can
walk in and you can ask for help you
know and they'll find the case for you
you can look under my name or you can
come to the date the date of the last
day in court
you know beYOU can check this anyway so
angry vegan was one of the cats you even
though he was doing right her supporter
and he still is he still supports during
Ryder even though he knows during Ryder
was light of all this stuff and he went
up because I I suggested this I said
look if you don't believe me stop asking
me to post documents on the Internet
and then have during writers say they're
fake because that's what I've been again
and again and people for no reason take
everybody seriously I posted my criminal
record and he's like oh no no that's
fake anyone could fake that you know and
you make these ridiculous claims with no
screenshot even though you can fake a
screenshot
without even a single screenshot you
would say that somebody said something
on Facebook well if they said it why
isn't there a screenshot and of course
you can fake you know screech I was
thinking like but nevertheless he had no
evidence on set so these cats these
these this bunch of guys I say I assume
they rode their bicycles maybe they took
a cab they put on their Sunday best and
they go up to the courthouse and angry
vegan gets to see there hang it on the
wall he's totally shocked
the case is real I see the legal
documents
and um you know he then goes and
presents this factoring writer because
durianrider is either lying about this
or is or is in denial great enough for
many people it's an open question was he
intentionally and Derian riders reply to
angry vegan angry was just his mind is
blown you know that this is a real case
he says to him keep this quiet
nobody else know about it don't tell
anyone so you tell me was durianrider
intentionally lying the whole time or
was he in some kind of you know
psychological state of denial or what
you know was this just was it always a
ploy was he what was he aware for all
this time that the court case is real or
is he slightly crazy or is it both not
you know usually useless situations like
sorry I'm not I'm not preventing my
girlfriend from speaking here by the way
this is just naturally the nature of
this topic of conversation she doesn't
have a whole lot to say about but anyway
so lately a bunch of the cats who are in
Chiangmai went up to attend this day in
court like it's my day in court in a
sense he's the criminal charge against
Aryan Ryder case that I'm a part of case
that I instigated case that I'm a
principal witness in and so on and you
know so Sam sent me this photo of Joe
best in the courtroom you know talking
to my lawyer too so they met they met at
least one of those there's several
lawyers in the case and there's a team
of lawyers it's not just one lawyer vote
but they met one of the lawyers and they
saw though they saw the cases real and
so on and you know Joe best has been
asking me lately basically why aren't we
cool you know why am I not cool with
with Joe best so hey let's digress on
this point this isn't up so we'll come
back to Joe best but look when you talk
about guys like Joe best and we talk
about guys like Dom Bower those are two
really good examples right there's small
youtubers but everybody knows who they
are doesn't mean they have regular
viewers doesn't mean everybody watches
them you know but like everyone within
the vegan scene within the dem you want
knows who they are I think if you're a
small youtuber that's really the most
you can aspire to is that within your
category you know people know who you
are and you know some people gonna love
you and some people gonna hate you but
if you look at a guy like dom bow or
everyone knows who he is everyone within
veganism everyone cuz you know and
that's funny because like a lot of
people don't know who Gary Franchione a
is Gary I'm certain Gary France know me
as fewer YouTube viewers but you know uh
like I don't think Dom Bower has ever
been thinking about quitting his job to
do YouTube full dive or dropping out of
school to do for that you know he's
never been looking at this this thing
that pays his rent you know this is in a
sense a way for him to socialize other
people you know it is truly for him I
think social media it's socializing over
via via the media that's you know that's
what's possible that's what's you know
anyway uh yeah and I see a lot of people
including angry vegan maybe we can keep
this on topic I think a true vegan is a
guy who's really it's really [ __ ] up
his life it's really at a negative
impact on his life the fantasy that he
doesn't need an education he doesn't
need a career because he can just do
YouTube you can just be the next YouTube
star and guys not everybody can you know
not everybody has what it takes know it
not everybody talks a good enough game
or has whatever set of talents it takes
to have a shot anyone gets lucky right
right right
I mean how can anyone say like you know
to a musician if they're a talented
musician oh yeah your next album is
definitely gonna be a hit you can't
possibly say that and with YouTube
there's really no particular
identifiable talent unlike being a
musician sigh you can say well this guy
objectively is a talented guitarist but
he's never had a hit record that's very
common yeah you know if you know
musicians but you can't say this person
is objectively a talented youtuber but
they've never had a hit video but sure I
know people I mean I know people who
were on the grind that way I like the
phlegm face she calls herself she uses
no space if you're gonna search that
YouTube with the phlegm face no spaces
between those three um you know when I
think she talks about some interesting
stuff on our Channel but what's
attainable for I think she can get to
the same level as Dom Bower or the same
level as Joe best were fundamentally
people in the scene though her channel
but I don't think you know why would she
ever be able to pay her rent you know
why would she be the next time
mojo that's you know it's ridiculous
anyway you know time was I reached out
to Joe best positively again and again
and again and very few of my viewers
they will know that because that goes
back to like the first few months I
think of this channel when this channel
was pretty new I reached out to Joe best
positively and you he didn't really
remember every state so I don't know
what his deal was he was busy at the
time but you know um my first videos I
think the first two addressed to Joe
best and what he had going on in his
life he watched them and he sent me
positive comments on them that's never
call within facebook like he know he had
a common face with oh this is quite a
good video actually you know if you give
it a chance you know kind of blah blah
blah he appreciated this too that he did
not actually perceive my videos about
him as hostile or real intention and
they weren't they weren't hurt hostile
and they weren't no intention but I
responded to a controversy he had
controversy about his personal life on
YouTube by giving him advice basically
about being a foreigner in Thailand
right now we're foreigners living in
China and you know his advice like look
you know you got to think about the
difference between socializing with
tourists and socializing people who
really live there you've got to think
about committing the time to studying
the language you know speaking Thai if
you're in Thailand speaking Chinese if
you're in China this kind of stuff you
know there's there's a lot there's a lot
to think about there and I gave him some
specific advice for how he could kind of
raise his status within the vegan
movement because he was in a very poor
area so these still isms then he was in
a very precarious position within
veganism partly because he didn't really
eat a 100% vegan diet neither does Dom
Bower Dom Bower calls himself Pro vegan
rather than vegan you know and he had
this scandal and had these other
troubles but that stuff I was not I was
not hating on him
and you know I was very open at that
time to cooperating with him positively
now since then he's kind of said nasty
it means to be heard things about me and
about other friends of mine on YouTube
he's kind of defamed than harangues and
tried to get attention fuel I don't
really resent that I don't really care
but it's part of the background noise to
this story but I repeatedly reached out
to Joe positively including when he said
a bunch of stuff
defaming me about this self same issue
so I just described people going to the
courthouse well he was saying that I was
a scam artist so there was something
unreal or fake about my court case and
this stuff and as with Joe vegan a lot
of other people I was saying then we'll
look do you want to see legal documents
do you want to talk to me like and he
was really crappy stuff dealer who's
just he was just making up all this
speculation about why I wasn't shagging
my anyway and did I have any right to be
in shame my and I said on this long
email I said look okay you asked what I
was in shame I here's the answer it's
boring but this is the true answer you
know listed all the reasons that wasn't
shame behind that time what I was doing
it's look any none of this is mysterious
stop talking about me like it's hard to
find me stop making up stories about me
where really the point of the stories is
to defame me it's always kind of vaguely
defamatory and crappy and I reach out
and positively then and again and again
over a period of more than a year and
every single time the guy was a complete
[ __ ] to me he was a complete [ __ ]
publicly on YouTube he was a complete
[ __ ] to me privately and then I don't
know let's say better part of a year
goes by maybe it was only six months and
you know he had a couple of videos that
I respected just a couple he did a
couple of videos about nutrition it was
when he finally lost faith in
durianrider a dream right his weight
loss advice is interesting that he had
this breaking point where he finally
stopped believing this stuff to him and
I said about weight loss and he made a
couple of good videos about weight loss
and nutrition where he was also
criticizing attacking what German writer
said and what he had himself believing
in the past and it didn't work for him
he never lost weight using that advice
and I watched those videos that you know
what even though I've had bad
experiences with this guy in the past
with Joe best I'm gonna reach out to him
and say what's up and let's offer to do
a Skype call let's do a Skype call let's
do a podcast let's record a video this
do so many clap because say you know
what like at that time I think there
were just two videos on his channel I
respect it I say you know what I've
reached out to people positively when
they don't even have one video I can
respect this guy just did two videos I
respected he seems to have taken a more
positive direction lately on his channel
he hasn't defamed me lately you know I
mean and I think also he did delete a
couple of the videos against me that
were really awful I think of his own
accord like you had some videos against
me that were really
defaming me and he actually later
deleted those I kind of noticed that at
some point he's deleted a lot of his
past videos so I can't even keep
straight how much stuff he said post in
the deleted well here's what happened
this is the crazy thing so again on
skype with this guy and this guy
allegedly has a background in finance in
international finance and the banking
system we're reading by the way we've
got comments coming in because we're
live streaming will record this video so
yeah I don't know if we want to
interrupt this story to answer any of
these particular questions I mean none
of them really stand out to me but we
get asked does my girlfriend have have
her own YouTube channel and the answer
is no she doesn't
yes so and we've got a few other few
other questions that I don't think we
need to intro you want you want to get
there's no really obstacle with
organizing the Skype call you just
haven't scheduled just go call yet with
Dom Bower oh yeah yeah I've been trying
to get Dom on the show for over a year
right yeah I might have written him
before that too I don't know but yeah
yeah fraid you cuz I promoted Dom on my
channel I used clips of him on my back
when he had a smaller number of viewers
and in effect he promoted me I mean no
not really but yeah he used to be a big
fan of my channel he had a bunch of
videos about what if any was my channel
so I thought he'd be easier than the
show but then turns out he's hard to
book that that Dom Bower he's always
he's always putting appearances for
vegan cheetah but he's been hard to get
much in anyway so here's what I have it
was really it was really crazy at the
time and I laughed a lot at the time to
Joe best gets on skype with me he
allegedly has this background in finance
in economics and his whole approach to
this Skype call which he recorded in his
hand and he then kind of blackmailed me
with afterwards so he says ok this is a
private Skype call about Jesus publicly
and he said he was just gonna
interrogate me over what he thought was
evidence of like financial fraud at my
end yeah and he's asking me these
questions some of them are about the
lawyer and the court case we was like oh
no that's an inconsistency you said this
is about the lawyer never saying that of
a Thor
it was it was dumb I'm really tempted to
use the r-word it's he was very
learning-disabled
this interaction was mind-blowing how
stupid what he had to say was and
I again I asked him one point this
conversation with bassoon he was also
asking me a lot of details about the
actual bank transfer those are really
boring details I can break down feel
like yeah so we did the bank transfer
this way and that didn't work and then I
talked to the bank manager and then I
talked to the website that we did the
bank transfer another way but it's
boring details and this guy you think
he'd never been to a bank in his life
and he alleges his banks his backstory
is he used to work out at a high level
in American Finance in in international
banking and I said look I'm sorry Joe
what job did you do at the bank were you
a gardener were you you know like you
know were you a janitor the only
University diploma he's got is in
architecture so he made like what like
these questions he was asking and his
kind of contrived uh contrived outrage
and his claims that I was engaged in you
know financial you know but in fraud he
was accusing me of fraud and scam
artists tree and was probably because he
was incapable of understanding these
really simple facts I was laying down
for him about the lawyer about how much
the lawyers pay how the lawyer got paid
how the bank transfer done it's all this
stuff like you don't particularly have a
right to ask me but I'm a very open and
forthright person and I'm sitting there
being as open and forthright as possible
with somebody and most time he's asking
me these questions which were just
mind-blowing ly stupid and it's like
okay now I'm gonna say the same thing to
you exactly but using grade four
vocabulary like I'm getting I'm dumbing
it down as much as I possibly can for
the sky and he's just too stupid and too
vile and he recorded this and then he
turned around he appeared on Joe vegans
channels he's two different people
called Joe Joe best and show vegan and
he's he really defamed me on Jovie in
his channel he said that I was very
defensive and very evasive and that I
wouldn't answer his questions would you
completely ally I was answering all of
his questions I was being totally
forthright with him a lot of my
questions he was he was too stupid to
understand the answers and then as they
say he promised me repeatedly during
that scope call that he wasn't ever
going to post this pokel this is a
private conversation but he did actually
turn around and try to black noon with
this now that ended when he sent me an
apology asking for my help
when
his words according to him he received
death threats from durianrider which is
very likely I should put an asterisk on
that cuz I've myself had received what I
could call death threats during writers
all the time putting up these kind of
loosely worded death threats during
writer stated not long on the internet
that if I went to Chiangmai I would get
stabbed that somebody would stab me that
somebody would kill me that a gang of
people would beat me up or kill me he
does that quite often and most people do
not take it that seriously of course
it's immoral but you know we're not
gonna give morality lectures the
durianrider at this point it's you know
so he actually received some kind of
threat that scared him so just a couple
of days after he had this horrible Skype
call with me and he did this horrible
thing on on Joe vegans channel really
defaming me at a time when there were
people around who actually believe this
crap people who believe the court case
was fake then he sends me email in which
he's suddenly trying to be my best
friend and find out about my lawyer file
but he do cuz he's thinking about having
his own legal case against he's asked me
for advice on stuff so yeah long story
short Mike sposa Joe best is that's a
wrap